Privacy Policy Updated September 1, 2022 Privacy Policy

This page is used to inform visitors about our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when using our Service. If you choose to use our Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the Service. We will not use or share your information with others except as described in this Privacy Policy. Terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use, which can be found in the Airborne Alert app, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Data Collection and Use To improve the usability of our Service, we may ask you to provide certain personal information. We will store and use such information as described in this privacy policy. The application uses third-party services that may collect information for your identification. Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used in the application

Google Play Services Google Analytics for Firebase Firebase Crashlytics Log Data Please note that when you use our Service, in the event of an application crash, we collect data and information (via third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. Log Data may include information such as your device's IP address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using our Service, time and date you used the Service, etc.

Service Providers We may use third party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

to facilitate the provision of the Service; to provide the Service on our behalf; to provide services related to this Service; or to help us analyze how our Service is used. We want to notify users of the Service that such third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they must not disclose or use such information for any other purpose.

Security We appreciate that you trust us and provide us with your Personal Information, and therefore we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. Please note, however, that no method of transmitting data over the Internet or storing it electronically is completely secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on such a link, you will be redirected to the corresponding site. Please note that we do not control such external sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these sites. We do not control and are not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so we encourage you to review this page periodically. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective from 09/05/2022

Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at rikmen00@gmail.com.

Terms of use

If you download or use this application, these terms will automatically apply to you. Please read them carefully before using the application. You may not copy or modify the app, any part of it, or our trademarks in any way. It is forbidden to try to remove the source code of the application. It is also forbidden to try to translate this application into other languages or create derivative versions of it. The application itself, all trademarks, copyrights, database rights and other related intellectual property rights belong to Goshapp. The Air Alert application stores and processes the personal data you have provided to us in order to provide our Service. You are responsible for the security of your phone and access to the application. Therefore, we do not recommend that you jailbreak or root your phone, as this involves removing software restrictions as well as restrictions imposed by your device's official operating system. This can leave your phone vulnerable to malware, viruses or malware. In addition, doing so may compromise your phone's security features and may mean that the Airborne Alert app will not work properly or at all. The application uses third-party services that are governed by their own Terms of Use. Links to the Terms of Use of third-party service providers used in the application

Google Play Services Google Analytics for Firebase Firebase Crashlytics You should be aware that there are certain things that the Goshapp companies will not be responsible for. Certain features of the application require an active Internet connection. This connection may be via Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile service provider, but Goshapp is not responsible for the application not working with full functionality if you do not have access to Wi-Fi or if you have exhausted the available data limit. If you use the app outside of Wi-Fi coverage, please note that the terms of your mobile service provider's agreement also apply. As a result, your mobile service provider may charge you data usage fees based on the duration of your internet connection while using the application or fees for other third-party services. By using this application, you are responsible for all such charges, including data roaming charges, if you use the application outside of your territory (such as region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the person who is charged for the use of the device on which you use the application, please note that we assume that you have received permission from such person to use the application. Similarly, the Goshapp companies cannot always take responsibility for how you use the application. You should make sure your device is charged. Goshapp will not be responsible if it runs out of power and you are unable to turn it on to access the Service. Regarding the Goshapp companies' liability for your use of the application, it is important to note that although we strive to keep the application updated and working correctly at all times, we are dependent on third parties providing us with information that we provide you with access to. The Goshapp Companies shall not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, incurred by you in full reliance on the functionality of this application. At some point, we may decide to update the app. The app is currently available on Android and iOS. The requirements for both of these systems (and any other systems for which we decide to extend the availability of the application) may change and you will need to download updates to continue using the application. Goshapp does not promise to always update the App so that it is current for you and/or works with the Android or iOS version you have installed on your device. However, you agree to always accept updates to the Application when they are offered to you. We may also discontinue providing the Application or terminate your use of the Application at any time without notifying you of such termination. Unless we notify you otherwise, upon any such termination (a) the rights and licenses granted to you under these terms will terminate; (b) you must stop using the application and (if applicable) delete it from your device.

Changes to these Terms of Use We may update our Terms of Use from time to time, so we encourage you to review this page periodically. We will notify you of any changes by posting new Terms of Use on this page. These conditions are valid from 09/05/2022

Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Terms of Use, please contact us at
